Company History
{
	The concept of the Men's Shed movement originated in Australia in the 1990's, 
	where issues were raised about hthe physical and mental health of elderly and usually retired men
	It was found that men retiring from work sometimes slipped into a pattern of lack of exercise, 
	heavy drinking and lack of self esteem. 
	Such a void could also occur when, for example, a loved one is lost.

	a conference in 1995 proposed the concept of the Men's Shed to promote 
	social interaction and reduce depression. 
	The first actual Men’s Shed was setup in Tongala, Australia on July 26, 1998.
	Since that date, the number of Men’s Sheds has increased massively and the movement arrived in the UK in 2005 where the first Shed was setup in Westhill, Scotland.

	Sub Heading - Men's shed in Scotland
	Launched in 2015 aiming to help new and existing groups 
	in local towns or community. 
}

Dunfermline Men's Shed
{

}

Staff ~ include image of each member of team
{
	Ron Skirving ~ Ron is our Chairman and keeps everything running smoothly. 
	He also provides web and e-mail support. As a digital consultant, 
	Ron advises on marketing the Dunfermline Men's Shed to the local community.
	He is also a Trustee of the Dunfermline Men's Shed charity.

	Jim Leishman - Patron ~ Jim Leishman MBE  is now in his third five year 
	term of office as the Provost of the Kingdom of Fife, a remarkable achievement, 
	and is Honorary Director of Dunfermline Athletic. 
	We are honoured to have Jim as our Patron.

	Mike Rowlinson ~ Mike is our Secretary and is responsible for recording of the 
	minutes at Dunfermline Men's Shed  meetings, He also handles communications including 
	incoming calls and emails. Mike also helps with enewsetters, administration of our website
	and membership subscription. He is also a Trustee of the Dunfermline Men's Shed charity.

	Richard Lawrence ~ Richard is  the Dunfermline Men's Shed  Business Advisor. He has a great 
	deal of experience in the 3rd sector and funding applications. 
	He also works with leather and has already provided us with a demonstration! 
	He is also a Trustee of the Dunfermline Men's Shed charity.

	Jim Myles ~ Jim is our Treasurer and is responsible for finance.
	As well as setting up our bank account and applying for council funding 
	he is also responsible as a Trustee for managing Dunfermline Men's Shed as a charity.

	Neil Lyndon ~ Neil is responsible for suggesting having a Men's Shed in Dunfermline 
	after making the regular journey to Glenrothes Men's Shed. 
	He is a journalist and writer with a distinguished career at the BBC, Sunday Times and the Telegraph

	Ally Craig ~ Ally is responsible for all Technical and Compliance issues in our TAC Group including 
	Tool Testing and Health and Safety. 
	He brings experience of workshop management and planning in both industry and education.

	Robin Sharp ~ Robin is the Deputy Chair of Dunfermline Men's Shed and 
	helps with business planning funding and attending our Steadings User Group Meetings.

	Alastair Wood ~ Alastair is one of the newest members of the Committee and will be 
	helping with business planning. He has over 30 years experience mentoring businesses 
	and teaching finance and business management.

	Vacancy ~ If you are interested in joining the Committee and 
	have skills you can offer in our quest for a facility to serve the community, 
	please contact us via the "contact" tab at the top of the page.
}